the
the club
that's why we are not of customs until death until death
of fifa of the life of the aplec of always
and that does not change our lives on Sundays
the fact charged that you can not do this is going to be the same if they are lifelong
because here is this put that the power
confectionery
scratch reduces its workforce by 60 workers
and the humor is that it can break the company
of course
which is the polynesian gerlach its pop-rock
from rating points you can not feel
that took away from us chocolate with 20 still
about the crisis here the crisis the crisis nor that it was such a serious problem
fuck
before the crisis what you have to have are good ideas
and another thing I do not know but ideas gives me that way so for assets I know that
you calm that we are going to eat chocolates all the life like furiase
because both choreas sale choco I think the judas because it is not that Quindío
marketing you look at it I greeted it from chocolates
they're fucking shit it's all true
this is the cumbitos he is the conguitos riveros de peanut cocoa
and please purposes gifts and cupcakes of light the money of i + cs
his crappy Borja is very seedy and is going cool ideas a little bit of wit for
favor of that company in the chocolate you were going to make a complaint if you pay and
plus
however the company and the revaluation and
in the case of them the base mike bibby a viral video life you achieved yours
on the internet and that's what he intended
this sucks
not just because
look at all ways I saved it collided color
star morente also for those who weighs an idea for ads
never seen I know how I could get there in time
do not go I will buy forest mats
Well, you can not see who knows
the funny collegiate
despite the surprise
the one who declares his love at first sight but it's already gone that can be appreciated
in 1 that is impossible now yes
possible thanks to chaco prorogation saved life that always fun with which
You can play and have chocolates cookies etc
game
people recognize us on the street that I am very embarrassed that means that
the viral video is sinning from sebaste tamaulipecos and then verses would be added
mister carrasco all everything he has and apart he called me
has precedents so the private thing with the virus is going they want it to be
seized the ball made little murillo
but this is a joke this is totally serious
Thanks to your campaign on the internet, they have already demonstrated this morning
we are totally clear that that is the new face as a whole all
all for all if I think that I have lost all the heads of
Lara models will all show us the ad that you recorded this morning
well the government are not definitive of the unemployed advanced down the name of
valentines valdés
I remind you that tomorrow, those present live in all media
the analysis
11 Andean
not everything is a little simpler
if one looks at those who weighed in the seat for once our life too
bet for us to top and you put him of the counts
in this line of work
fernando carrasco
these misunderstandings asked to let city have given that it was going to be difficult
we estimate that with the success of these 200 meters
we could grow sales by 70%
and it would be time to sell the company to the German multinational
your collaboration to all
who want to use us to sell the company
touch your balls
and shut up that the Germans want to change color to make it taste
piñateros activates borja but that the argentine pib a with pineapple flavor
cascas boxes will not be eight little does not end well
this is not just an hour and in fact so that not in this park that is going that
he is the son of xi
and on Sundays on Sundays and fresnillo that the company second before
that the Germans camila crashed teachers that's yes
seen the face
we do not know how
the uci is engraved
we are not going to do anything
yes we can yes we can tomorrow the presentation
I remember that I know perfectly what there is to say television today
to sink a company
then we leave you with choco and congresses
we want to present us your new the amazing campaign a round of applause for
they
very good good
Croatian sokol
they have not come here to talk about any other Palestinian not
we have come to talk about a very important secret that we are not willing to
Hide one more day or one more day mothers fathers
if you have at home watching TV
tell them to open their eyes if you want
we are country
and now that I have done
Now that Mr. Aleppo here I leave the dam with food but
look for family members
fact that they have put eight points the street
and almodóvar to do a biopic of us biopic that is a biopic
pigeon
outside of Spain the intention is to invest this year - it is true that
it is lining borja of the tenths
Orlando
and this will toledo assured or provoked him again robertson will discuss with pineapple
pineapple
pd3 this season in which it has just been published
12 voucher
but just the bad drink and it's happening
now
We are happy
please